README.md, before:

grandcentralstation
===================

static file server for google app engine that serves from of google cloud storage, bypassing the "Make Public" checkbox feature. Already supports dynamic image resizing (server side thumbnail generation)

##Name Meaning
GrandCentralStation is a backronym on the initials of Google Cloud Storage.

##Project Goals
Maintain a lightweight, static file server that provides more flexible features beyond the simple "make public" checkbox currently found in Google Cloud Storage.

##Backstory
I needed more control than turnkey solutions would provide when migrating my 16 year old web portfolio into the cloud era. I knew I needed to have the files come from a CDN, and needed as much flexibility as I could make possible for future antics. Cloudflare Mirage seemed too hands-off, and Bitnami's Gallery had way too much front-end. Having a headache on AWS writing my own static file server for S3 that also cached thumbnails, I decided to give google cloud storage + google app engine a go. It has so far turned out to be a much smoother experience and I think I'll stay on the Google Cloud.

Commit message:

added install section to readme

README.md, after:

 grandcentralstation
===================

static file server for google app engine that serves from of google cloud storage, bypassing the "Make Public" checkbox feature. Already supports dynamic image resizing (server side thumbnail generation)

## Name Meaning ##
GrandCentralStation is a backronym on the initials of Google Cloud Storage.

## Project Goals ##
Maintain a lightweight, static file server that provides more flexible features beyond the simple "make public" checkbox currently found in Google Cloud Storage.

## Roadmap ##
+ 

## Backstory ##
I needed more control than turnkey solutions would provide when migrating my 16 year old web portfolio into the cloud era. I knew I needed to have the files come from a CDN, and needed as much flexibility as I could make possible for future antics. Cloudflare Mirage seemed too hands-off, and Bitnami's Gallery had way too much front-end. Having a headache on AWS writing my own static file server for S3 that also cached thumbnails, I decided to give google cloud storage + google app engine a go. It has so far turned out to be a much smoother experience and I think I'll stay on the Google Cloud.

## Installation ##

+ You need to have [Google App Engine SDK](https://developers.google.com/appengine) for Python.

+ clone or download the grandcentralstation folder and add it as an app engine project. Change the value of `application` in app.yaml to reflect your project's name.

+ Make sure your GAE project has Google Cloud Storage service added, and upload some files to it.

+ grandcentralstation will use your default bucket name (the one created for you which is the same name as your project). Deploy the app to appspot, and insure that you are able to access one of your bucket files at that domain. For example, if the bucket file is `gs://cdn.jtn.im/poodles/duncan.jpg` then the URL will be http://appname.appspot.com/poodles/duncan.jpg.

+ Images have a dynamic resizing feature. To request a different size for
